Examples section (#128)
myyoda/principles-paper: main.tex

Table~\ref{tab:stamped-tools} maps some commonly used tools and technologies to each STAMPED property.
A comprehensive up-to-date review of existing tools is out of scope for this formalization paper and would quickly become outdated.

> To fill that niche, we initiated a satellite project with a website to describe tools and examples, and characterize them in terms of STAMPED and FAIR principles [cite https://examples.stamped-principles.org/stamped\_principles/].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fill that niche, we initiated a satellite project with a website to describe tools and examples, and characterize them in terms of STAMPED and FAIR principles [cite https://examples.stamped-principles.org].
```

Reviewer: How to cite URL? I'd just include it now it has stabilized

Reviewer: unless you wanted to link examples github repo to zenodo and get DOI - is that what you meant?

Author: For now lets just include the raw, but zenodo would be good eventually.

STAMPED compliance today is self-assessed against the checklist provided in this paper and shared at \url{https://github.com/stamped-principles/stamped-checklist}.
Broader adoption will depend on promotion and external incentives: funder mandates (e.g.,\ NIH Data Management and Sharing policies), journal reproducibility badges\cite{center_for_open_science_open_2023}, and venue-level review checklists that converge toward automated scoring --- paralleling the trajectory of FAIR, which has moved from principles to machine-assessable indicators with tools such as F-UJI\cite{devaraju_automated_2021}.

> No tool certifies STAMPED compliance today; a community-maintained benchmark suite, seeded by the satellite examples project associated with this paper (\url{https://examples.stamped-principles.org}), is a natural precursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No automated tool yet available as of now certifies STAMPED compliance.
A community-maintained benchmark suite, seeded by the satellite examples project associated with this paper (\url{https://examples.stamped-principles.org}), is a natural precursor.
```
